feat: add config to use Salesforce Tooling API (#26)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-salesforce: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.1.0

>   - Added `use_tooling_api` configuration to connect to the Salesforce Tooling API instead of the regular Rest API.

Reviewer: Because #28 was published at v3.1.0 before this PR was merged, I believe we'll need to bump the version again--probably to 3.2.0 as this appears to be a feature.

> ## 3.1.0
>   - Added `use_tooling_api` configuration to connect to the Salesforce Tooling API instead of the regular Rest API.
>   - Added `sfdc_instance_url` configuration to connect to a specific url.
>   - Switch to restforce v5+ (for logstash 8.x compatibility)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 3.2.0
  - Added `use_tooling_api` configuration to connect to the Salesforce Tooling API instead of the regular Rest API. [#26](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-salesforce/pull/26)
```

Reviewer: Because #28 was published at v3.1.0 before this PR was merged, I believe we'll need to bump the version again--probably to 3.2.0 as this PR appears to be a feature. While I am making suggestions, I also suggest add a link to the PR. This info gets picked up in our release notes and is a nice way for users to quickly navigate to the PR if they want to see how the feature was implemented. 

@yaauie, please validate my logic and suggestion here wrt versioning strategy.

Author: Hi @karenzone, thank you for the suggestions. They totally make sense. I've included them and bumped the minor version number again in the gemspec and changelog and also added links to the PRs to both the new and previous entries in the changelog.

## 3.2.0
  - Added `use_tooling_api` configuration to connect to the Salesforce Tooling API instead of the regular Rest API. [#26](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-salesforce/pull/26)

## 3.1.0
  - Added `sfdc_instance_url` configuration to connect to a specific url. [#28](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-input-salesforce/pull/28)

>   - Switch to restforce v5+ (for logstash 8.x compatibility)

Reviewer: I see you added the PR link for your previous entry, too.  Bonus points!  :-) Thank you.
